if you want to know how to transform
normal quinces boyfriend style
jeans dating the video what
you need to do it are jeans
a pair of scissors a tweezers and a
down I
The first thing I did was put on pants
upside down and mark some points of
diagonal way to where
approximately I wanted it to be the
long pants
then like the pants to be able
cut line I have some more
Thick some manganitas or longer
that depends on each person but if
all must cover several parts the
long pants to make it look
best
it's exactly the same on the other side if
they do not look perfect no matter what the
point that is going to transfers naturally
if you have some bigger ones and that
other said is much better
and an intuition to cut the lines that
we wanted along the pants what
let's turn around let's cut the
line that we had marked with the
points previously
this step is the maternal one so
you have to have a little patience
but it really is not nothing there is what
you have to do is to take out the
little blue streaks up to leave
horizontally all the targets
and sheriff point has great club not you
worry there are some laps left
blue and visit them later if you look
well you have to pull straight illicit
to make it easier to go out without a night
who is waiting so much the track
after you are done with that we will
to trim the trousers of the part of
down marks a line up to the long
where do you want me to be
and obviously this is the same as the other
side so that I stay at the same
height then the pants pegadito to the
line and from there I
and of course we cut over the
marked lines
I always live to tell you but also
we are thread and needle and on the diagonal
that we have cut previously we are going
To sew
to reinforce this part what I did for
sew from top to bottom and then from
down up on the same line
to prevent it from breaking
after sewing by both parties
that is the result so if you see something
boy but he will not even notice
This is a very easy and quick way to
renew your synte there is no need to
buy new ones or throw away those that you no longer
like and look down the bottom
doubles and you do not notice at all that
it is a little crooked
like he did the golf style in zinc I
I used some pants that I had left
a little big so they would see each other a lot
better so if you also want
create this style I recommend you
choose ones that you have left a bit
big
if you liked this video remember to give me
like to subscribe and comment in the part
from below if you want to continue doing
videos of its kind in the Box
information will be leaving migra
decisions in case you want to follow me and we
we see in the following video bye